README.md, before:

# Config

Dungeons, dragons, dotfiles and dives

A bunch of simple scripts and dotfiles I use. Should eventually be able to recreate my preferred linux environment really quicly.

## Setup

1. Run a new-ish fedora workstation
2. `sudo dnf_install.sh`
3. Run `./link.sh` from the repository root
4. Run `./bin/tool all` (will take a while)
5. [swaylock-effects](https://github.com/jirutka/swaylock-effects)
   1. Compile by hand to avoid a bug on the lock screen
   2. Deps: `sudo dnf install meson ninja wayland-devel wayland-protocols-devel libxkbcommon-devel cairo-devel gdk-pixbuf2-devel pam-devel scdoc libomp bash-completion-devel`
6. Check git email with `git config user.email`
7. Edit crontab to run `bin/cron_battery.sh` (for laptops)
8. Handle ssh keys (See [instructions](#setting-up-ssh-key-magic))
9. Setup Tmux
   1. Install [tpm](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm)
   2. Open fish (should open tmux as well)
   3. `tmux source ~/.config/tmux/tmux.conf`
   4. Install tpm packages with prefix+I
10. Misc one time conf
    1. Enable dark mode with `gsettings set org.gnome.desktop.interface color-scheme 'prefer-dark'`
    2. Passwordless sudo:
       1. `sudo visudo` (give %wheel NOPASSWD)
       2. `sudo usermod -a -G wheel <username>`

## What goes where

- `dotfiles/*` is linked to `$HOME/*`
- `home_config/*` -> `$HOME/.config/*`
- `bin` -> `$HOME/bin`
- `desktop/*`-> `$HOME/.local/share/applications/*` (desktop icons for wofi)

## Setting up SSH key magic

Requirements:

- Python3
- pip-package pexpect
- gpg

1. Generate an ssh key with a passphrase
2. Generate a gpg key with `gpg --generate-key`
3. Put `<path to ssh key> <ssh key passphrase>` in a file
4. Encrypt previous file with `gpg --output ~/.ssh/key_password_vault.asc --encrypt --recipient <email> <path of file from previous step>`
5. Remove `~/.sshagentenv` if it exists
6. `reload`
7. **Remove the file you temporarily had your password in written in plain text**

Commit message:

Explain new machine conf system in README

README.md, after:

# Config

Dungeons, dragons, dotfiles and dives

A bunch of simple scripts and dotfiles I use. Should eventually be able to recreate my preferred linux environment really quicly.

## Setup

1. Run a new-ish fedora workstation
2. `sudo dnf_install.sh`
3. Run `./link.sh` from the repository root
4. Run `./bin/tool all` (will take a while)
5. [swaylock-effects](https://github.com/jirutka/swaylock-effects)
   1. Compile by hand to avoid a bug on the lock screen
   2. Deps: `sudo dnf install meson ninja wayland-devel wayland-protocols-devel libxkbcommon-devel cairo-devel gdk-pixbuf2-devel pam-devel scdoc libomp bash-completion-devel`
6. Check git email with `git config user.email`
7. Edit crontab to run `bin/cron_battery.sh` (for laptops)
8. Handle ssh keys (See [instructions](#setting-up-ssh-key-magic))
9. Setup Tmux
   1. Install [tpm](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm)
   2. Open fish (should open tmux as well)
   3. `tmux source ~/.config/tmux/tmux.conf`
   4. Install tpm packages with prefix+I
10. Misc one time conf
    1. Enable dark mode with `gsettings set org.gnome.desktop.interface color-scheme 'prefer-dark'`
    2. Passwordless sudo:
       1. `sudo visudo` (give %wheel NOPASSWD)
       2. `sudo usermod -a -G wheel <username>`
    3. Symlink a file from `machine-confs` to `bin/git-ignored/machine-conf`

## What goes where

- `dotfiles/*` is linked to `$HOME/*`
- `home_config/*` -> `$HOME/.config/*`
- `bin` -> `$HOME/bin`
- `desktop/*`-> `$HOME/.local/share/applications/*` (desktop icons for wofi)

## Setting up SSH key magic

Requirements:

- Python3
- pip-package pexpect
- gpg

1. Generate an ssh key with a passphrase
2. Generate a gpg key with `gpg --generate-key`
3. Put `<path to ssh key> <ssh key passphrase>` in a file
4. Encrypt previous file with `gpg --output ~/.ssh/key_password_vault.asc --encrypt --recipient <email> <path of file from previous step>`
5. Remove `~/.sshagentenv` if it exists
6. `reload`
7. **Remove the file you temporarily had your password in written in plain text**
